SWA build configuration - skip_deploy_on_missing_secrets (#112159)
Azure/azure-content: articles/static-web-apps/build-configuration.md

---

## Run workflow without deployment secrets

> In some cases, you may wish for your workflow to continue even if some secrets are missing. To enable this, you can add `SKIP_DEPLOY_ON_MISSING_SECRETS` as an environment variable and set its value to `true`.
> 
> By doing so, the workflow will proceed without deploying the content, instead of stopping or failing due to the absence of any deployment secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you need your workflow to continue to process even when some secrets are missing. Set the `SKIP_DEPLOY_ON_MISSING_SECRETS` environment variable to `true` to configure your workflow to proceed without defined secrets.

When enabled, this feature allows the workflow to continue without deploying the site's content.
```

Author: Thanks for the feedback! If that's all it would be nice if you could #sign-off in a comment to approve the PR 😸
